---
title: "k-SALSA: k-Anonymous Synthetic Averaging of Retinal Images via Local Style Alignment"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/ECCV2022
excerpt: 'Minkyu Jeon, Hyeonjin Park, Hyunwoo J Kim, Michael Morley, Hyunghoon Cho'
date: 2022-10-23
venue: 'ECCV'
paperurl: 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/2303.10824.pdf'
citation: #'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---
Minkyu Jeon, Hyeonjin Park, Hyunwoo J Kim, Michael Morley, Hyunghoon Cho

The application of modern machine learning to retinal image analyses offers valuable insights into a broad range of human health
conditions beyond ophthalmic diseases. Additionally, data sharing is key
to fully realizing the potential of machine learning models by providing
a rich and diverse collection of training data. However, the personallyidentifying nature of retinal images, encompassing the unique vascular
structure of each individual, often prevents this data from being shared
openly. While prior works have explored image de-identification strategies based on synthetic averaging of images in other domains (e.g. facial
images), existing techniques face difficulty in preserving both privacy
and clinical utility in retinal images, as we demonstrate in our work. We
therefore introduce k-SALSA, a generative adversarial network (GAN)-
based framework for synthesizing retinal fundus images that summarize a
given private dataset while satisfying the privacy notion of k-anonymity.
k-SALSA brings together state-of-the-art techniques for training and inverting GANs to achieve practical performance on retinal images. Furthermore, k-SALSA leverages a new technique, called local style alignment, to generate a synthetic average that maximizes the retention of
fine-grain visual patterns in the source images, thus improving the clinical
utility of the generated images. On two benchmark datasets of diabetic
retinopathy (EyePACS and APTOS), we demonstrate our improvement
upon existing methods with respect to image fidelity, classification performance, and mitigation of membership inference attacks. Our work represents a step toward broader sharing of retinal images for scientific collaboration. Code is available at https://github.com/hcholab/k-salsa.
<!-- [Download paper here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2303.10824.pdf) -->

<!-- Recommended citation: Your Name, You. (2009). "Paper Title Number 1." <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1). -->